You're so good.
I'm the best. baby.
That was a tit.
that is a tit. yes.
You're so big.
Yeah. that's right. baby.
Doggy wants to
hide his bone.
I'm bone smuggling.
Would you shut up?
Jimmy. just wanted to
say sweet dreams.
Good night. Mom.
Good night.
Something wrong
with the reception?
Yeah. yeah.
I was trying to watch
this nature show.
The birds are scrambled...
and I can't...
Do me!.
Ride me like a pony.
Must be broken.
I sat on the remote.
- Ready for be?
- All set.
I think he's trying to watch
some illegal channels.
Illegal channels?
That's just bad reception.
- Spank my ass.
- What?
Just give me this. please.
And let's get this...
Okay. okay.
What's wrong with this?
Illegal channels?
If there's one channel...
that should be illegal.
it's that woman's...
"Lifetime Supply of
Pantyhose". or some shit.
Did you see
"Little Mermaid" on TV?
That Ariel's so hot.
She's a mermaid. dude.
But not when
she's on land.
Vicky. it's Stifler's party.
We gotta go.
it'll be great.
Why? All that happens
is a bunch of...
people will get
drunk and do it.
Yeah.
- Open it. Kevin.
- It's a thick...
envelope. you got in.
Just open it.
Fine.
"Dear Mrs. Latham: after putting
you on a waiting list...
we've decided you
are now rejected."
Shut up.
You got in.
Yes! I love you.
Okay.
Should I wear this
shirt to the party?
You've worn that
shirt for 3 days.
Guys. she said it.
- What?
- That she loves me.
Shit! The "L" word?
Cornell's not
far from U of M.
Yeah. only 7 hours.
And you get to drive across
Canada. Beautiful country.
Whatever. It's doable.
Today in band. instead of
playing regularly....
let's play backwards.
That'll be so funny.
You're talking about a...
post-high school
long-distance relationship...
and you two haven't
even done it yet.
That's not why
we're going out.
What would he drive you to
Cornell for. milk and cookies?
We'll have sex
when we're ready.
It has to be perfect.
I want the right time.
the right place.
It's not a space shuttle
launch. it's sex.
Finch.
- The man we're looking for.
- Gentlemen.
- What's going on?
- Same old.
Finch. you got the
Latin homework?
Canis menus id comedit.
"My dog ate it".
A joke.
- A Latin joke.
- Drink your coffee. Finch.
- Jim. it's mochaccino.
- What?
I'm drinking mochaccino.
not coffee.
Nova!
What's up. dude?
Coming to the party
tonight. fuckface?
If my date wants
to stop by.
I'm working on
something new.
Here's something new.
You guys locate
your dicks....
remove the shrink-wrap.
and use them!
Dude. it'll happen.
She's a college chick.
Right. See you tonight...
in the "No Fucking" section.
I'm shooting for 9 ETA.
Beer in hand by 5 after.
Breath check?
Please.
Thank you.
- Don't do that.
- Got a plan for tonight?
It's a foolproof plan.
my friend.
I have a question for you.
You know Nadia.
the Czechoslovakian chick?
She may be there tonight.
You think she'd prefer...
Laid Back Jim. or...
Cool Hip Jim?
It doesn't matter with
that shirt you're wearing.
You have a girlfriend and
you're stuck on 3rd base.
At least I know what
3rd base feels like.
You're still a bat boy.
Bat boy? What are
you talking about?
Guys....
what does 3rd base
feel like?
You want to take this one?
Like warm apple pie.
Apple pie. huh?
McDonalds or homemade?
Gentlemen....
destiny awaits.
That's number 5 and 6
for the Stifmeister.
Holy Lord.
Nadia. "buenos días".
Glad you could make it.
I'll be back for you later.
Now the party's starting!
Welcome to Stifler's
palace of love.
The keg's back there.
Enjoy.
Vicky. Jessica. glad
you could make it.
Bitches.
Sherman!
What the fuck are
you doing here?
Fellas. what's going on?
Not much.
Just scoping the babes.
Indeed. Some fine
ladies here. boys.
Confidence is high.
Repeat. confidence is high.
Sherman's moving
to DEFCON 2.
Full strategic arsenal...
waiting for development.
You have something planned?
See that Central chick.
the brunette?
She's around. Seems she's
taken a liking to me.
Fellas....
it's time she experienced
the Sherminator.
Yeah. okay. Sherman.
Whatever.
I'm a sophisticated sex robot.
sent back in time...
to change the future
of one lucky lady
Go. tiger.
I'll be back.
- Hopeless.
- Completely.
- Hi.
- Hey. Vic.
Oh. shit.
Guys. guys.
There's Nadia...
and she just looked at me.
She looked at me.
Go talk to her.
You're right.
I should go talk to her.
I could do that. Sure.
Sure.
That's great.
See you later.
We're here for the party.
What party?
- There's no party.
- Stifler!
Party!
Weird.
Try down the street.
So. what's your major?
Postmodern feminist thought.
Cool.
Great night. isn't it?
Sure.
There's something about
springtime that's just cool.
Like the smell of...
fresh rain or something.
Suck me. beautiful.
What?
My friends call me Nova.
As in Casanova.
That's pathetic.
You don't have
to laugh at me.
You just need
to learn a bit.
- Like what?
- Tone it down.
You don't need to...
spout off cheeseball
lines to be romantic.
Okay.
Pay attention to a girl.
Be sensitive with her.
Relationships are reciprocal.
Come on. Casanova. I'll take...
you back to your friends.
Do you think it's time to take the
next step in our relationship?
Tonight?
It's such a perfect evening.
Isn't this how you
always pictured it?
Man. my farts fucking stink.
You got to take a shit!
You smell like a Yeti.
Or not.
Just relax.
You actually said that?
Shut up.
You did better than
I did with Nadia.
Thanks. That's
really reassuring.
No problem. Nova.
Don't call me
Nova anymore.
I'm a fraud.
You guys are pathetic.
I'm going to find
myself a bottle.
Suck me. beautiful!
- Let me know.
- Okay.
Keep going.
I should be able
to talk to girls.
I'm articulate.
I scored 720 on
my SAT Verbal.
Bullshit. No way.
I kid you not. man.
Listen.
Copious.
Verisimilitude.
Now.
Suck me. beautiful.
- Damn it. Stifler.
- Checkout time!
Please. vacate.
You are such a jerk!
There are many cool
people at this party.
And you got a keg. too.
Indeed.
Wait. I left
my beer downstairs.
Here. babe.
Thanks.
You're really beautiful.
Really?
I don't know if I
should be doing this.
- Doing what?
- Well. if we...
hook up tonight....
tomorrow you'll just
tell all your friends.
No way!
Steve. at least look at me
when you say that.
Look....
Sarah....
I wouldn't go telling
stories about you.
I promise. So just...
relax.
Take it slow...
and let the
good times roll.
Okay.
All right.
What's wrong?
What is it?
Xenophobic.
- Regurgitation.
- I know that one.
Kevin likes it.
He likes getting head.
What a shocker!
What about you? Never
had one with Kevin...
or never had one. period?
I've had one.
- I think.
- Okay.
That's a no.
No wonder you're not
psyched about sex.
What about manually?
I've never tried it.
Never clicked your mouse?
Nice.
Jesus. Stifler. how
much did you drink?
How's the pale ale?
Fuck you.
- That's Stifler's mom?
- Yep.
Shit.
I can't believe such a fine woman
produced a guy like Stifler.
- Dude. that chick's a MILF.
- A what?
M.I.L.F.
Mom I'd Like to Fuck!
MILF! MILF!
Come here.
What's going on. Sherman?
Do you think you fellas...
could try a little tact?
I got company...
if you know
what I mean.
She's hot.
If Sherman has sex
before I do....
I'll be really pissed.
The Sherminator?
Come on. man.
MILF! MILF!
What are you doing?
My God. bro.
Enough of this blow job shit.
I got to get laid.
Really. really nice.
- Can I have a ride?
- Sure.
- Vicky. wait.
- Not for you.
Yeti!
I am the Yeti!
- Morning. gentlemen.
- Finch.
Where were you last night?
What about that foolproof plan?
It was a fashionable late
entrance. but I was too late.
No ladies left.
It was a very special night.
Guys. guys.
I'll never forget this.
Me. either.
Thank you.
- Well. bye.
- Bye.
Fellas. say good-bye
to Sherman the boy.
I'm now a man.
I highly recommend
you join the club.
We were doing the
wild thing all night.
I'm exhausted.
How the hell did
you do that?
It was just my time.
Just my time.
Best of luck
to you. boys.
I cannot believe this.
Come on. guys.
We should be
happy for Sherman.
No. we shouldn't.
I've put in months
of time with Vicky.
Sherman meets a chick one night
and scores. This is wrong.
No shit.
How am I going to become
Mr. Sensitive Man?
We're all going to go
to college as virgins.
I bet there's special dorms
for people like us.
I have an idea.
But it's between us.
We just have to
make an agreement.
More than an agreement.
- A bet?
- A pact.
No money. More
important than a bet.
Here it is:
We all get laid before
we graduate.
Dude....
it's not like I
haven't been trying.
Think of when
you work out.
someone there to...
motivate you. That's what
we'll do for each other.
We'll keep each
other on track.
Separately. we're vulnerable.
Together. we can master
our sexual destiny.
Their kung fu is strong. but our
dragon style will defeat it.
Guys....
The masters from East
and West must fight...
and find out who
is number one.
You're ruining my moment here.
Our manhood is at stake.
We must make a stand
here and now.
No longer will our penises
remain flaccid and unused.
We will fight...
for each man who isn't
getting laid and should be.
This is our day.
This is our time.
We will not watch history
condemn us into celibacy.
- Amen.
- I like that.
We will make a stand.
We will succeed.
About time!
We will get laid!
Sex...
must be valid.
consensual sex.
No prostitutes. if that's what
you were thinking. Finch.
Busted.
So. basically. prom
is our last chance.
- Prom sucks.
- I know.
But think of all the
parties afterwards.
- Chicks will want to do it.
- He's right.
It's like tradition. or something.
Like the Rose Bowl.
So that gives us...
Exactly 3 weeks to the day.
We will do this.
To the next step.
The next step!
- You got it?
- Yeah.
ELECTRONIC DATE
Did you get the flowers?
Don't worry....
- you'll get her back.
- You think?
- Sure. she likes you.
- I like her. too.
Do you love her?
You can't really
ask me that.
You want her in the sack.
say you love her.
That's how I was duped.
Jessica. I don't
want to dupe her.
All right.
You must learn how to
press a girl's buttons.
- Give her what she's never had.
- What's that?
Here's a hint.
An orgasm?
You got it. stud.
Well. I'm pretty sure
I've given her a...
No. you haven't.
There was one time...
- Oh. man.
- Look....
it's up to you.
The big "L" or the big "O".
Dickhead!
You got to see this.
You believe in magic in
a young girl's heart?
How the music can free
you wheneverit starts?
It's magic if the music is groovy.
it makes me feel happy.
What'd you cocks
do to him?
Music frees your soul but...
it's like telling a stranger
about rock and roll.
Great.
See you next time.
Come to watch me in action?
You sounded pretty good.
Yeah. man.
You need your
balls reattached.
Keep it down. dude.
Why the fuck are you here?
This is an
untapped resource.
Check it out. These...
jazz girls are hot.
Why'd he join the
jazz choir so late?
Maybe he's preparing for
another senior year.
We don't even know him.
You dipshit.
You expect to score with some
goody-goody choir girl priss?
They don't know me.
I can work the
sensitive angle here.
It's like that
college chick said.
You just ask
questions and...
listen to what they
have to say and shit.
I don't know. Sounds
like a lot of work.
Just a second.
Come in.
Jim. you're here.
I was just walking
by your room...
and was thinking it's
been a long time...
since we've had a
father-son chat.
Oh. I almost forgot.
I bought some magazines.
You want to flip to
the center section?
Well. this is
the female form.
They have focused
on the breasts...
which are used primarily to...
feed young infants.
And also in...
- foreplay.
- Right.
That is...
Hustler.
This is a much more
exotic magazine.
They have decided
to focus more on...
the pubic region.
The whole groin area.
Look at the expression
on her face.
See what she's doing?
She's looking into
your eyes. saying:
"Hey. big boy....
how you doing?"
- You see?
- Right.
Shaved...
is a magazine I'm not
too familiar with but....
if you'll flip
to the center...
section....
you'll see the detail...
in this picture here.
It almost looks like
a tropical plant.
Some underwater thing.
You know what
a clitoris is?
My God! Yes.
I know what it is.
I see. You do.
You know everything.
I learned it in sex ed.
You don't need to...
I was just trying
to help you.
I'm sorry. okay?
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have gotten so hot.
Know what I'll do?
I'll leave
these books here...
for you to peruse...
at your pleasure.
Wait!
Safer than a tube sock.
Okay. that was good.
See you at dinner.
Yeah. see you at dinner.
Finch. this is your plan?
I don't think girls...
are into mini-golf.
I'm sure they're not.
There's one matter I need
your cooperation in.
- In the spirit of the pact.
- What?
Whatever you hear about me.
agree. Tell the boys.
I have to go.
16 minutes round trip.
Finch. it's senior year.
It's time to take
a dump at school.
Have you seen the
facilities in the school?
Excuse me.
That's Paul Finch. right?
Yeah.
You've seen him in
the locker room.
Yeah.
My friends want to know.
Is it true?
You know. that
he's so equipped.
I don't know. He showers
with his bathing suit on.
Actually. it's true.
- The guy's huge.
- He have a date for the prom?
No. definitely not.
All right. Thanks.
Oh. man!
I was thinking...
if you could give me
some brotherly advice.
Some kind of trick...
-to make her...
-Orgasm?
Yeah.
What's good here?
- Try the spicy tuna hand roll.
- What?
How do you do that?
Never mind that.
Pay attention.
Is all you want just
getting her into bed?
It'd be nice to be able
to return the favor.
I want her to enjoy
things as much as me.
That's what I wanted
to hear. Now you qualify.
Qualify for what?
You just inherited the Bible.
It originated as a sex manual...
some guys got in Amsterdam.
Each year. it was passed on to
one student who was worthy.
Now it's full of stuff guys
have added over the years.
You must keep
it a secret...
and return it at
the end of the year.
Now you know.
Good luck.
Do you believe in magic?
Don't you bother to choose...
if it's band music or
rhythm and blues.
Just go and listen.
It'll start with a smile...
that won't wipe off your face.
no matter how hard you try.
Your feet start tapping
and you can't seem to find...
how you got there.
Do you believe in magic?
Magic.
What was that?
- Sorry.
- No. it was good.
It came from the heart.
Keep it coming.
Good work. people.
Remember. state competition
is 2 weeks away.
So keep on it. okay?
Not bad. Chris.
Really?
Thanks.
Heather. right?
Yeah.
You've got the Frank
Sinatra thing going?
Right.
I feel I've discovered this
whole new side of me.
Music is so expressive.
Okay. I agree. but...
shouldn't you be out trying
to decapitate someone with...
- your lacrosse stick?
- Sure.
I know what people think.
"Oz is just this kick-ass
lacrosse player."
I also play football.
But that's not all
I am. you know.
Of course not.
It bothers me when people
try to pigeonhole me.
You?
You think I don't get that?
Because I don't get drunk
and barf every weekend....
people say:
"There's that goody-two-shoes
choir girl priss."
Yeah. so. what
else do you do?
The same things you do.
Hang out with
friends and stuff.
- What do you think I do?
- I just...
realized I don't know anything
about you. I was interested.
What do you want to know?
You know. stuff...about you.
All right.
Mom. I'm home.
It's not what
it looks like.
Well....
we'll just tell your
mother we ate it all.
Goal by number 8.
Chris Ostreicher.
Great game.
What are you doing here?
Enjoying my first exhilarating
lacrosse experience.
You kicked butt.
- Thanks.
- Chris.
Call me Oz.
if you want.
- Do I have to?
- Or Ostreicher.
- What's your middle name?
- Forget it.
I won't tell anyone.
Neither will I.
Okay.
So. I had this thought.
It may seem
way out of field.
I don't know
if you can. but...
I'm not going with anyone.
so I thought maybe...
Those guys sucked ass!
What are you doing here?
Well. I was asking
Chris to the prom.
Do you want to go?
Yeah. that would be great.
Don't expect...
- Oz to pay for the limo.
- Stifler. fuck!
I mean...
why are you so
insensitive all the time?
What?
Whatever. Remember...
my cottage after the prom.
On Lake Michigan.
Wait up. you pussies!
I have to hit the
showers now. but...
I think this will
be really good.
Yeah. me. too.
All right.
My man. Oz.
Working the choir chick?
I dig the cute
sweaters she wears.
I bet you do. man.
Yeah. baby!
Spank me. daddy!
Hit that high C!
What's going on here?
I was being selfish.
and insensitive.
I'm a total idiot.
A buffoon!
I think "shithead"
really says it.
You're right.
I'm a shithead.
I want to make
it up to you.
Oh. yeah?
How?
Vicky. your parents
are downstairs.
Kevin. don't stop.
One second.
Hon. tell Vick to
come down for supper.
Holy shit!
There's no lock
on your door.
I'm coming!
Dad.
I was looking at the
family portrait here.
That was a fun
day. wasn't it?
Yeah. yeah.
Jim. I want to talk
about masturbation.
I want you
to know that...
it's a perfectly
normal thing.
And I have to admit
I did a fair bit of...
masturbating when
I was younger.
I used to call it
stroking the salami.
You know. pounding
the old pud.
I never did it
with baked goods.
Your Uncle Mort pinched
the one-eyed shake...
5.6 times a day.
It's like...
practice for the big game.
You see?
It's like...
banging a tennis ball
against a brick wall....
which can be fun.
But it's not a game.
- Right.
- It's not a game.
What you want is a partner
to return the ball.
You want a partner?
Yeah. I want a partner.
- You do?
- Yeah. I want one.
Of course.
Good.
So....
once Hal is kind he
has to take on...
responsibilities and
turn his back...
on his old drunken
friend Falstaff.
He is going through a
right of passage....
as you all are.
So make the most of the time
you have left together.
Does your tongue cramp up?
No. You get kind
of dizzy. though.
That's amazing. She'll
probably want to do it soon.
Class dismissed.
Still questing after
the Holy Grail. guys?
Where's Finch?
He went home
to take a shit.
How does a guy like that
get this sudden reputation?
What reputation?
Observe.
Excuse me.
You know who Paul Finch is?
The guy with the tattoo.
You know....
the eagle. the blazing
fire and all that stuff.
If you guys see him.
tell him Courtney says hi.
Bye.
Okay. explain.
I don't know how he's doing it.
I guess that leaves
Jim trailing.
- Jimbo.
- Better stack up.
- I'm working on it. okay?
- James?
You are very good in
world history class. yes?
Me? Yes. No...
Yes. I am.
Perhaps you could help
me with my studies.
Yeah. absolutely. That
would be great sometime.
How about tomorrow?
Well. I have ballet practice.
I could come by your
house afterwards.
I could change
at your place.
Yeah. I suppose that
would be okay.
Sure.
Nice car.
- I'm glad you think so.
- You don't like it?
I like the car.
But about the prom?
That was a bad idea.
I'm sorry I invited you.
- What do you mean?
- Please.
I asked you because I thought
you might be worth going with.
But you're just a jock.
No. wait. A jerk.
I don't understand.
I saw you making fun of me
with your lacrosse buddies.
- Heather. I wasn't making fun...
- You're full of it.
Fuck me! There will be an
Eastern European chick...
naked in my house. and
you're doing nothing?
What can I do. broadcast
her over the Internet?
Yeah.
You can do that?
I can't do that to her.
Jim. get some fucking balls.
If you haven't the guts to
photograph a naked chick....
how will you sleep with her?
I don't like him.
but he's right.
See?
Even Shitbreak
knows you should.
Just set up some private
link on the Net and...
tell me the address.
Send me the address. too.
I'll save you a seat.
How sweet it is to
be loved by you.
I needed the shelter
of someone's arms.
There you were.
I needed someone to understand
my ups and downs.
There you were.
That was good.
But thicken up...
the solo. Michigan State...
is Saturday and I want
that part to smoke.
My timing was off.
It's not that. but it works
better as a duet...
- with a tenor.
- I'll do it.
Dick.
- Great.
See you tomorrow.
Why are you doing this?
- Because I want to.
- Yeah?
You can't fake this.
You'd better practice.
Come in.
There's a...
young lady here
to see you.
- Hey. Nadia.
- James. Ready to study?
Always. He's a
real bookworm.
- Dad.
- I mean...
not one of those
nerdy guys...
Dad!
I'll let you two
hit the books.
Want a beer?
There we go.
Come on. move!
Steve!
It's my computer and
I want to use it!
Shut up.
You need to change. right?
- Do you mind?
- No. not at all.
Just go ahead and
get un-... get changed.
I'll go downstairs
and start...
studying up.
All right.
There he goes.
Now we're in business.
- Back in a sec.
- Jimmy. honey...
Here she is.
I miss anything?
No....
you're just in time.
This is incredible.
Oh. my God!
This is too much.
You see?
There that goes.
God bless the Internet.
- Take it off.
- Oh. my God!
Thank you. God. for
this wonderful day.
Man. she takes
her vitamins.
Stop hyperventilating.
This is the coolest
thing I've ever seen.
I know.
This was one of Stifler's
best ideas ever.
She's touching my stuff.
Why is she doing that?
- Let her touch.
- She's in my stuff.
Nadia can touch
anything she wants.
Nice collection. Jim.
She's going to leave.
She's lying down.
She's not leaving.
She reads the articles.
Is she...?
She's going downstairs.
Oh. my God!
Jackpot. baby!
Unbelievable.
I have an announcement.
There's a gorgeous woman...
masturbating on my bed!
- Thank you. Nadia.
- If you...
ever had a chance with
Nadia. this is it.
What am I supposed to do?
Seduce her.
What would I say?
Go and ask her if she
needs an extra hand.
That's stupid.
You're stupid
if you don't go!
Get over there!
She's primed!
- Get out of here!
- She's waiting.
Okay. I'm going.
- Go.
- I'm going!
- Go. go. go!
- Shit!
Hey. Mom. Dad.
Oh. boy. Oh.
God. Oh. crap.
Hello?
Jim addressed
the E-mail wrong.
What?
It went to every mailbox in
the East High Directory.
God. how juvenile.
Hey. guys.
Check this out.
Oh. my God!
Please. God....
let this be it.
Please.
Someone's coming in.
That's what you need to do.
He's in my trig class.
Looks like you need
an extra hand.
Oh. God!
Shame on you.
Shame on me.
I'm so sorry.
- I'll just go.
- Well....
you have seen me.
Now it's my
turn to see you.
Strip.
- Strip?
- Slowly.
You mean like...
strip-strip?
For me?
What are they talking about?
No idea.
People are viewing. Jim.
Get to business.
Perfect.
- Move. James!
- Yeah. I'm moving.
Go. trig boy.
it's your birthday!
- Oh. no!
- Please. God.
That's bad.
What happened?
Get in the mix!
That is disgusting.
What the fuck is this?
Cut it out.
Freak.
He did not take
out that chair.
Yeah. he did.
More. you bad boy!
Yeah. I'm bad.
I'm naughty. baby.
Oh. God!
Now...
come to me.
Here we go.
He's in.
This got a lot better.
Be gentle.
Okay.
- He got off.
- Houston. we have a problem.
What did he do?
He blew it.
I guess I'll go now.
No. I'm not done. Nadia.
I have reserves.
Nadia. please. I'm begging you.
Well. I do like your
dirty magazines.
You do? Okay. well....
did you see this one?
This one is more...
exotic. risque.
- Here's the porn.
- He's desperate.
Wait till she leaves.
Very arousing women.
They arouse me. But...
they're not
as arousing as you.
- All right!
- Yeah!
He's re-engaging!
So. "shaved"...
is the expression?
Holy shit!
Touch me. Jim.
Here.
Again?
Not again.
Not again. man.
Is that possible?
What a loser.
I needed someone to
understand my ups and downs.
There you were.
With sweet love and devotion...
deeply touching my emotion.
I just want to stop...
and thank you. baby.
Hey. minuteman.
Shut up. You're
supposed to be supportive.
Think you still got a
chance with Nadia?
No.
Her sponsors saw her on
the Net and didn't like it.
How do you know?
She's on a plane back home.
Maybe I'm just not good
with girls. period.
Like I was born without
that part of my brain.
When I talk to girls.
I screw it up.
Come prom. excuses
will do you no good.
One time. at band camp....
we couldn't have pillow
fights. but we did.
It was so much fun.
This one time we lost our
music and were supposed to...
play this song. but
we didn't know it.
So we just made it up...
and kept playing and playing.
The conductor didn't know what
we were doing. It was so funny.
You pissed about something?
When I'm angry. I play
Bach on my flute.
Very relaxing.
I learned at band camp.
Hold on.
You have no idea
why I'm angry?
We have a test tomorrow?
I get cranky when
I have a test...
to study for.
Yeah. That's
pretty much it.
I thought so.
One time. at band camp...
What's your name?
- Michelle.
- Okay.
Will you be my prom date?
You seriously want
to go with me?
Yes. seriously.
Can we go to Stifler's after?
That would be so cool.
Sure. whatever you want.
Cool. We'll have such a good
time. Like this one time...
at band camp. we all
had a campfire...
Hi.
- How'd you know I was here?
- Stifler told me.
You talked to Stifler?
I needed to find you.
We have to work
on that song.
Okay.
I'm glad you came.
So. you work nights?
- Dad's the manager.
- Really? Cool.
Tell him the subs are great.
- Going to Michigan next year?
- Yeah.
My parents went me to
go to Northwestern...
but I don't want to do
those extra essays.
How do I know what my most
"emotional significant" moment was?
So when U of M
acceptance came in...
I said the hell with it.
- Onions?
- What?
Do you want onions?
No. thank you.
What are you majoring in?
State has a good
business school.
And a lacrosse team.
You got it
figured out then?
Business is okay. and
lacrosse awesome. but...
what would I be. a
professional lacrosse player?
I have no idea.
Thank God. I thought
I was the only one.
You're not.
We'll be close next year.
- In East Lansing and Ann Arbor?
- Yeah.
What?
I can't go to the prom with you.
I'm holding out for someone else.
You got to be kidding.
It's a long shot but.
Paul Finch might ask me.
Finch.
Shitbreak.
Oh. gosh. I forgot.
You look okay.
The scars healed...
really well.
- Hey. Stifler.
- Eat shit.
What's going on?
He's embarrassed because
Finch kicked his ass.
Who told you that?
"No comment"?
Do you two hook up?
What? No.
How did all this
get started?
I can tell you now.
His reputation isn't going
anywhere. Cheese. please.
Finch comes to me and says:
"I need your help."
Blah. blah. blah.
So I say: "Pay
me $200 and...
I'll tell girls you're dynamite
in bed." So he did...
and I did.
That actually works?
Of course. And I
embellished a little bit.
Hear he had an affair
with an older woman?
I didn't hear that one.
That one was my favorite.
That cheerleader
wants me. baby.
She wants my phone number.
How sweet it is to
be loved by you.
Oh. my God. you're gay!
Come on. sing it with me.
You've been singing
that shit all week.
Try that at
M.S.U. Saturday...
I'll kick your ass.
Our last game
is Saturday.
No shit.
I have an important lacrosse
game. our last game.
Central almost beat us last time.
I want to kick their ass.
But the game's at State...
so afterwards I can stop by.
You can't sing
in the competition.
- I'm sorry. I blew it.
- That's okay.
You do what makes you happy.
Okay.
Thanks for understanding.
I guess I'll see you later.
You seen Shitbreak?
What did you do to him?
Me? Nothing.
He kicked my ass.
But...
I'll tell you one thing.
He'll have no
problem shitting.
I put a little something
in his mochaccino.
Oh. God!
Jeez!
Right this way. sir.
Oh. God!
Come on.
It'll be fun.
There'll be a crappy band
and stupid decorations.
You say that because
you don't have a date.
No. I don't want a date.
Finch is going stag and...
so am I.
God. he's so...
refined.
Could that older
woman thing be true?
It's true. It was
Stifler's mom.
Joanie. was that you?
Can't hold it.
Yeah!
Kev. we've come
a long way...
- since Homecoming.
- Yeah. we have.
Maybe it's time we start
to express ourselves...
in new ways.
Yeah.
You want to do it?
I love you.
It's your turn.
That's not what
I was thinking.
Sex.
It's always about sex.
It's not always about sex.
I just thought it was
about sex this time.
Look. Vicky....
love is a term that
gets thrown around.
People don't mean it.
I want it to be
more than words.
I want it to be...
Perfect.
Exactly.
- Ready. Albert?
- No problemo.
I close my eyes at night.
Come on. Heather.
work with me.
Goal number 8. Ostreicher.
That-a-boy. Ozzy!
Yeah. baby!
Let's go. fellas!
Focus on the music.
Let the music be my guide.
That would be a start.
Goal number four....
Steve Stifler.
Huddle up. guys.
Huddle up.
Come on. okay.
Okay. okay.
- Good hustle. guys.
- Good hustle.
But you can still lose.
You saw what happened
to Oz out there.
I don't want to see...
any of you thinking
you're going to score.
You don't score...
- until you score.
- Till you score.
That's right!
It all boils
down to today.
For you seniors. this
marks the culmination...
- of the past 4 years!
- Culmination.
I want you to think about
what this means to you.
Want to look back at
your days at East...
and know that you used
the time you had?
Hell. yeah!
You do!
Good attitude. Ostreicher.
Good luck. fellas.
I didn't tell you
to leave the game.
Sorry. Coach.
You got someplace
more important to be?
Yeah.
Ostreicher!
- Oz?
- Fuckface?
- Oh. great.
- What about the game?
I'm not playing.
You're missing it for us?
No. I'm missing it for you.
- I don't do the duet then?
- Albert. you suck.
He's not coming back.
Close my eyes at night...
wondering were I'd be
without you in my life.
Everything I did
was just a bore.
Everywhere I went seems
I've been there before.
Butyou brighten up for
me all my days...
with a love so sweet...
in so many ways.
I just want to stop...
and thank you. baby.
I just want to stop.
Thank you. baby.
How sweet it is to
be loved by you.
Yeah. Oz!
You fucking rule!
Fucking rule!
Maybe the words
aren't important.
I know he
cares about me.
say it. he does.
He always talks about sex.
but he's a guy. right?
- If he got a dick. he's a guy.
- Right.
Is this translation right?
"Go home. bird teacher.
I've had enough"?
Don't know. I got
if from Kevin.
So....
did it hurt?
What?
You know. sex.
Does it hurt?
Yeah. the first time
you do it. it...
hurts. But then you...
do it again...
and again. It starts to...
feel good. Really good.
Okay. So. say
I don't do it.
Then I go to college.
I could end up doing it
with a guy who's a jerk.
True.
I wish I'd had done
it with Kevin.
So. go do it with Kevin.
You think?
Yeah. you're ready.
You're a woman.
You're ready for sex.
- You're right.
- I know.
- I'm going to go have sex.
- Now.
- And it'll be perfect.
- Perfect sex.
Thanks. Jessica.
Please.
I want to have sex.
Now?
Prom.
You're excited about
the big night.
Thrilled.
Who's the lucky girl?
She must be very special.
She's special. all right.
She must be. if you
picked her out.
I'm just going to say one
thing before you leave.
I want you to be...
very. very careful...
when you're putting on...
the corsage.
Okay. Dad.
- Promise me.
- I promise.
At band camp we have
dances like this...
only they're way funner.
Status check.
Where do you stand? Finch.
we know where you are.
But you can't
use that excuse.
My date is a
flute-toting band dork.
Does that answer
your question?
Is this vocal jazz shit
going to pay off. or what?
Kevin. what's
with the attitude?
Attitude? Me?
You guys should be
more enthusiastic.
This is the night we've
been waiting for.
You can't back out.
You don't need us to
get laid. Are you afraid?
No.
But we made a pact.
You can't break it.
You'll just have to...
Have to what?
I don't have to do shit!
I'm sick and tired of all
this bullshit pressure.
I never had sex and
already I can't stand it.
I hate sex!
I won't bust my balls
over something...
that. frankly. isn't
that important.
I'm going back
to that geek.
She talks about
something besides sex.
Goddamn.
Yeah.
At least I learned how
to shit at school.
Want to dance?
Yeah.
You have no date?
I like to keep my options open.
I have something for you.
A consolation prize.
Jessica. this is great.
I felt bad
taking your money.
- You spend $200 on this?
- No.
$50 on the flask. and
$150 on the earrings.
These are...
Let me clarify you have no
chance of scoring with me.
Of course not!
You and Sherman are
pretty close. huh?
You met at the party?
We were up all night.
We had one of those
deep conversations...
where you really get
to know someone.
Deep conversation?
Is that what
you call it?
What else would
I call it?
Thank you. Great Falls.
We're going to take a break.
You are beautiful.
Excuse me.
Sorry to interrupt.
I thought you
should know this.
Chuck Sherman is a liar.
I never had
sex with him.
He's never had
sex with anyone.
I know because
he told me.
Once he tried to screw a
grapefruit. but that's all.
And when he gets nervous.
he wets his pants.
Thanks for your time.
Guess what?
I'm not interested.
Come on. The bus
to Stifler's...
will be here soon.
- I'm not going.
- What?
Why not?
Look....
things didn't turn out
how I wanted them to.
I don't even know
what I'm doing.
I'm acting like I...
have everything together.
I know Vicky's going to
ask me if I love her and...
I don't know
what to say.
I'm on the brink.
I'm about to do it.
I should be psyched.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm just scared.
Come on. Kev.
This is the night.
We're going to a post-prom
party on the lake.
We've waited 4
years for this.
Why else have we been
friends with Stifler?
We were friends with Stifler?
Look....
Sherman didn't
even get laid.
He didn't?
He pissed himself.
What?
We'll tell you
on the bus.
I'm going to
get my bag.
My date. too. perhaps.
Stifler's mom got
it in the divorce.
It reminds me of
this one time...
One question. Why don't
you have any stories?
I have lots. and you
don't have any.
I have stories.
they're just more...
risque than tales
of band camp.
Are they gross? Like
guy stuff? Tell me.
Okay. here's a story.
Stifler finds
this beer. right?
This is the
nicest room here.
Kevin. it's perfect.
You're going to
fuck. aren't you?
Fuckers! Fuckers!
- Out.
- Come on.
Get out.
Aw. man!
- I have to tell you something.
- What?
It's going to sound bad.
but I want you to know.
See....
I'm a virgin.
Well. me. Kevin.
Jim and Frank...
made this pact that we
would lose our virginity...
before high school was over.
And tonight is supposed
to be the night.
This isn't the best
way to proposition me.
That's not what I mean.
What I mean is...
know what made me
leave that game?
Coach was giving this...
speech about...
not slacking off when you have
the opportunity to score.
This isn't any better.
No. See. Heather....
what I realizes is that...
with you...
isn't like running
toward the goal....
looking for the
best way to score.
This may sound
corny. but...
I feel like
I've already won.
I care about
you a lot.
Oz. I know.
You called me Oz.
Well. yeah.
That's what your
friends call you.
I'm one of your
friends now.
And...
your girlfriend?
PLEASE KEEP OUT
THANK YOU
Are you lost?
Stifler's mom.
No. not lost. Just...
taking the tour.
Thank you for letting us
have this wonderful...
- party.
- I had no alternative.
Are you enjoying yourself?
I'm three sheets
to the wind. ma'am.
I'm so happy. It does take
the edge off. doesn't it?
Where's your little date?
No date. There...
was a bathroom incident.
Pardon me?
Never mind.
Have anything to drink?
The kegs are upstairs.
That's what the
cretins drink.
I mean alcohol. liquor.
The good stuff.
All right.
I have some Scotch.
Single malt?
Aged 18 years.
The way I like it.
Go get a glass
from the bar.
I think I will.
Allow me.
It's a bitchin' party.
comes through.
Then he puked his brains out.
- What a nasty story.
- I told you.
Want to hear a nasty story
of mine? It's sort of sexual.
Yeah. let's hear it.
Well. this one time
at band camp...
we played this game.
I don't know if you know it.
It's called "Spin the Bottle".
I had to kiss this guy
Marc Wander on the lips.
He plays trombone.
How do you want to be?
How do you want to do it?
I don't know.
How do you?
Like... normal style.
The missionary position.
Okay.
I want to hear
you say it.
Okay.
I love you.
Here.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Go slow.
So...
the end is you had to kiss
the guy for 20 seconds?
Yes! And he was
such a dork.
Everyone laughed at me. but
it was really so funny.
I get it.
And once. at band camp. I
stuck a flute in my pussy.
What?
You think I don't know
how to get off?
That's what half of band
camp is. Sex ed.
Will we screw soon?
I'm getting kind of antsy.
This'll do.
I have 2 rubbers.
Wear both.
They'll desensitize you.
I don't want
you coming early.
What makes you
think I do that?
I saw you on the Net.
Why do you think I accepted?
You're a sure thing.
Yes. I am.
So I said:
"This is very obviously a
Piero della Francesca."
So...
would you object if I said
you're quite striking?
Mr. Finch....
are you trying to seduce me?
Yes. ma'am. I am.
You're dead.
- I had no idea you'd be this good.
- Me. either.
Oh. Stifler's mom!
Let's go.
What's my name?
Say my name. bitch!
Oh. God.
That was a
great night. huh?
Yeah.
I can't believe we
had our senior prom.
I know.
It went by so fast.
Yeah. it did.
Next year you going
to Ann Arbor...
and me to Ithaca.
It's not going to work.
Don't say that.
We can make it work.
It'll be perfect.
No. Kevin.
- But...
- See....
that's what I've
been realizing.
Nothing is perfect.
You can't plan everything.
Well. I guess...
you'll be pretty far away.
We'll be on our own.
meeting new people.
Last night. though...
I wasn't lying.
I know.
She's gone.
My God. she used me.
I was used.
Cool.
Why is this door locked?
Mom. where...?
Mom?
- Shitbreak?
- Hey. Stifler.
I have to say...
women...
like a fine wine.
only improve with age.
Of course. I have no basis
for comparison. but...
it was good.
You almost made it?
We had a great night together.
Hang in there. buddy.
You'll get there.
You know what? I think
we're falling in love.
This is great.
That's awesome.
Know what the
coolest thing is?
This. Right now.
After this. everything
will be different.
After getting laid?
After high school.
Here's to the next step.
To the next step.
Sweetheart?